[docs] Add yarn command for Roboto font in Material UI's typography.md (#33485)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/typography/typography.md

## Install with npm

> You can [install it](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fontsource/roboto) by typing the command below in your terminal using **npm**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [install it](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fontsource/roboto) by running one of the following commands in your terminal:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With **npm**:

```
